so now we're going to be making a
Morning Glory and this one is really
easy but very pretty so we take our
Morning Glory paper and we make sure
that the top is facing up next we're
going to fold along the diagonals from
top to bottom and we crease it and we're
going to unfold it and we're going to
fold from left to right along this
middle line here that in half and crease
it well again we're going to open that
back up and turn the entire sheet over
next we're going to fold in half from
top to bottom like this and unfold and
again from left to right like this and
crease it well
we're going to open it back up and turn
it 45-degree angles so that a b c d is
facing in the direction that i have it
here next we're going to take corners a
and fee and we're going to bring it up
to d so we will be folding upwards and
then you will find that the paper will
fold in on itself flatten out into a
square next we're going to take these
outer edges and we're going to fold them
into the middle so taking the outer edge
we're going to fold them into the middle
so that the paper turns into a kite like
shape so from left to right going
through the edges and we're going to
turn the entire piece over and do the
same for this slide so from left edge to
the middle and then the right edge to
the middle
next we're going to take our Paris
visitors and where it says cut here
we're going to cut along the solid line
here to make our nice
Morning Glory shape so we're going to
cut along carefully The Morning Glory
shaped line a little nicer and then
finish that off so we've got a nice
rounded shape with a little bit of a
petal point and next we're going to fold
this top flap down along the dotted line
you see here so we're going to take the
top flap only and we're going to bring
it down and fold this over and you will
see that the Morning Glory will start to
open up and we'll take the sides and
we're going to press them down but we
get a nice circles shape and then our
flower is done very pretty and we can
add it to our garden